README.md, before:

# Robot

This is the userspace API for the robot, which is what students will interface with to program their robots.

# How to use

Import Robot and initialise it:
``` python
from robot import Robot
r = Robot()
```

Markers can be seen by:

``` python
markers = r.cameras[0].see()
# or
markers = r.camera.see()
```

Servo positions can be set by:

``` python
r.servo_boards[0].servos[0].position = -1
# or
r.servo_board.servos[0].position = -1
```

Motors can be set with:

``` python
r.motor_boards[0].m0.voltage = -1
# or
r.motor_board.m0.voltage = -1
```

The zone the robot is going to start in can be gotten with:

``` python
r.zone
```

# Testing

The robot-api tests require `robotd` (available at [https://github.com/sourcebots/robotd] ) installed. 

To run the tests, simply run `nosetests` (requires the `nose` python package) and it will run all tests.


# Zone ID script

To run the zone script on USB insert, you must install the runusb script in [https://github.com/sourcebots/runusb]

The zone ID script can be found at `robot/zone_script.py`, to use this for real robots you must put that script in a USB stick in the same directory as a file named `zone-<x>`, where `<x>` is the ID of the zone the robot should be with.

Commit message:

Update readme with installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Robot

This is the userspace API for the robot, which is what students will interface with to program their robots.

# Installation instructions

## Building the debian package

``` bash
# Install build tools:
sudo apt install build-essential devscripts debhelper dh-systemd equivs

# cd to the root of this project
cd path/to/robotd

# Install dependencies
sudo mk-build-deps -ir

# Build the package:
debuild -uc -us

```

## Instaling the debian package

After building, the .deb file should appear in the parent directory, just run

``` bash
sudo dpkg -i
```

to install the package

# How to use

Import Robot and initialise it:
``` python
from robot import Robot
r = Robot()
```

Markers can be seen by:

``` python
markers = r.cameras[0].see()
# or
markers = r.camera.see()
```

Servo positions can be set by:

``` python
r.servo_boards[0].servos[0].position = -1
# or
r.servo_board.servos[0].position = -1
```

Motors can be set with:

``` python
r.motor_boards[0].m0.voltage = -1
# or
r.motor_board.m0.voltage = -1
```

The zone the robot is going to start in can be gotten with:

``` python
r.zone
```

# Testing

The robot-api tests require `robotd` (available at [https://github.com/sourcebots/robotd] ) installed. 

To run the tests, simply run `nosetests` (requires the `nose` python package) and it will run all tests.


# Zone ID script

To run the zone script on USB insert, you must install the runusb script in [https://github.com/sourcebots/runusb]

The zone ID script can be found at `robot/zone_script.py`, to use this for real robots you must put that script in a USB stick in the same directory as a file named `zone-<x>`, where `<x>` is the ID of the zone the robot should be with.
